Added some clarity to eslint readme (#282)
williamboman/nvim-lsp-installer: lua/nvim-lsp-installer/servers/eslint/README.md

    server:setup(opts)
end)
```

> *NOTE*: You will have to install `eslint` package locally to your `node_modules` or you will get `Unable to find ESLint library.`  

Reviewer: It should be defaulting to a global installation of eslint if it fails to resolve a local installation, maybe this can be rephrased to

```suggestion

*NOTE*: You will have to install the [`eslint` package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint) either locally or globally for the server to run successfully.
```
